I found you two days ago.
>> Oh goodness.
>> Yeah. On YouTube. And uh the likes of
Peter Cron's work and your work kind of
converged. And I'm in this space where
um the work that you do I do in my own
way and hold [music] for a lot of
people.
>> Yeah.
>> Um pe many leaders.
>> Yeah. And I've put the
the feelers out there for someone who
can reflect back to me and hold me in a
way that
essentially it's not seeking to
understand where I'm at, but just to to
like to hold me the way I hold others.
Right.
>> Yeah.
Um firstly thank you for in the two days
that I've I've come across your work
I've learned so much by how you be and I
realized the part of me that
is leading from still
you know the fear of being too much. Um,
>> yeah.
>> I guess my question or what I'm working
through right now is I'm at this
threshold in my life.
>> To give some context, my
>> I don't need the context. I just need
the question.
>> Yes. Um, after almost two decades of
personal work, I feel like I'm at this
threshold where my life, my work is is
graduating to another level where I get
to,
you know, really show up. But I find
this pattern, and I wouldn't call it
self-sabotage. I call it identity
regulation to where I always find myself
back to what's comfortable and safe. And
I'm aware of that.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> And there's a sematic, you know,
relationship with feeling through that.
But there there's this edge that I'm
finding a way to
>> kind of.
>> So what's the question?
>> The question is,
and I could see my mind kind of dancing
around it.
>> Yeah.
>> It's not about how I get to the next
level or how I break through the
threshold. It's a matter of how do I
allow myself to be in that without
Yeah. without seeking to without without
seeking to destroy it almost, right? How
do I allow myself to be be seen? I think
that's the question.
>> So, you're saying that you see if I've
got this. You're saying, "How do I allow
myself to be seen and not
self-sabotage?"
>> Yes and no. because it almost feels too
bad
>> because it's h it's happening right now.
>> Yes.
>> Right. You're not actually directly
saying, "Here's the thing." And it and
it seems like it revolves around
>> if there's any way you will be perceived
as weak
>> maybe
>> because you're dancing around like the
the vulnerable authentic question
which will show your incompleteness.
I don't feel that.
>> Then ask me the question in one sentence
>> in a way that everybody here can
understand.
>> Yeah.
So right there you're losing yourself
even though it s it feels like oh I'm
sematically aware I'm doing the sematic
work I'm presencing myself but you're
actually moving away from a part of
yourself in that in the process that
you're doing right now.
So keep your eyes open with me. Be with
me and ask me the question in
>> Yeah. When you when you say that I think
it's the part of myself that
I've created a narrative around that it
won't be welcomed or accepted.
>> Yes. Exactly.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. What is the thing? What's the
thing?
What's the question that represents a
part of you that won't be welcomed or
accepted?
Will I be perceived?
And it's not about being perceived as
too much or not enough. Would I be
perceived? Would I be welcomed or
accepted just as I am without needing to
do anything
to be there?
>> Absolutely not.
Yeah.
>> And absolutely both are true.
>> Some people will accept you just as you
are not needing anything from you and
some won't.
>> Yeah.
>> But that's not the question. What's the
question? What's the question that
you're here to like what's the part of
you that wants to be held? What's the
question that you're in that's going to
change your world in one easy sentence?
>> Again, your eyes are closed. Again,
you're like, just open your eyes and be
with me in that question. Like, I'm
right here.
I'm not going anywhere.
Samson, man, you've been holding it
together for a long [__] time.
[clears throat] I know it feels like
you've been doing it by yourself.
>> I guess there there layers of holding it
together.
>> Yeah, lots of them. And
I would consider me being someone
courageous enough where I've come undone
in many regards. But as you just say
that I realized there's another layer.
>> Yeah.
So even that was a hedge. Even that was
like, hey, I got to make sure you
understand about me
>> that I've come undone, that I've done
the work. I know you've done the work.
>> Yeah.
>> There's nothing to defend. So yeah,
there's there's like a fear of being
misunderstood. It's it's like there's
this communication gap where
>> forever you will be misunderstood.
>> Yeah.
>> You are currently misunderstanding me. I
am currently misunderstanding you.
>> Yeah.
>> But my heart doesn't care. Does yours?
>> No.
>> Yeah.
I've been caring too much.
>> Yeah,
that's what we do.
>> Yeah.
So much so that I'm I'm even looking for
a problem like to solve. Yeah. Or
>> fix.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. Even even there's there's another
thing to it that you might not quite be
able to see yet, which is like
there's a world upon worlds wanting to
support you.
and all the holding it together is like
a shield protecting you from all that
help.
And I don't mean holding it together
emotionally only, right? I'm talking
about like I got this. Like I am sure
that you're like I got this is a common
way you move through this world.
>> It's like it's like yes and no but like
like I said they're like layers.
>> Layers. That's right. Yeah. We're
talking about the part that's doing it.
Yeah.
>> Yeah.
I can just I I can end just by telling
you a story. Your your story is not too
different than mine.
years of work. 20 20 years of work and
still that kind of you can tell the
protection in the body because the chin
comes up a little bit and it's like
that's part of the protection and it's
like that I've got this and I'm alone.
and I got to figure that, you know, like
all that stuff like I I I I was in it.
And um
and for me, like I chose the hard way.
Uh which was I had to put myself or find
a way to get into something I was
completely helpless with where there was
nothing I could do.
There was no way that I could pull it
off or when all of my skill or
intelligence or wherewithal wasn't going
to work.
>> Yeah.
>> And it just
took me out. And the the thing that it
did, which is why I'm telling you the
story, is there was this very subtle way
in which I was putting myself above
people to protect myself. Part of that
protection, part of that I got that was
to just subtly put myself above people.
And when that happened, when I fully
went into that helpless place, that
disappeared forever.
And so I say it to you is as you're in
this journey, that's your that's your
gauge.
If you notice any subtle way that you're
putting yourself above,
that's going to be your gauge about how
much work is left to do.
>> Yeah.
>> In the in the undoing and the not
getting this and the allowing allowing
people to be there for you.
who are
dying to be there for you.
>> Yeah. I guess my question for for you is
[clears throat]
>> Yeah.
>> When did you feel like what was it that
clicked within you to cross that
threshold to know that okay I get to let
people that I don't think want to
support me support me.
It it happened because I did I went to
helplessness.
>> Yeah.
>> Where I realized I was absolutely
helpless. And when I popped out of that
that just was like so apparent. It you
know I work with CEOs a lot and um
they're like I'm all alone in this. This
is a common thing because they got there
because they're like I got this or
whatever. And I'm like wait you've got
3,000 people you've got 10,000 people
whose main concern is are you happy? And
you feel alone in this. It's so it's
it's so [__] obvious when you get to
the other side that
>> it's not true.
>> But that the that what we're trying to
avoid is the feeling of helplessness.
So that moment when you don't let
somebody help you is like no I I will
not put myself in a position where I
might be helpless.
And so once you stop avoiding that
emotion then the whole thing is the mind
immediately sees it and it's over.
>> Yeah.
appreciate you.
>> I appreciate you too, Samson.
>> Thank you.
>> Yeah, pleasure. If you just finished
watching this and you're thinking, "Oo,
I want Joe to coach me." I appreciate
that. I really do. And there's ways to
make that happen, but it's not what I
would recommend. What I would recommend
is learning the skills that you need so
that transformation is a part of your
everyday life. So, it's something that
happens consistently. And the best way
that I know to do that is to take the
connection course. We've designed it
just for that purpose. So you can learn
how to relate to people in a way that
transformation just happens every day.